<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition template="WEB-INF/template/defaultLayout.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h2 style="text-align: center;">LinDA: A Service Infrastructure for Linked Data Analysis and Provision of Data Statistics</h2>
        <p:panel style="width: 500px;float: left;">
            <b><h:outputText value="LinDA is an extensible, data driven platform where analytical tools can
                          be integrated to process, analyse and describe data sets of Linked Open
                          Data. To date, we have integrated four different tools: the computation
                          of a VoID description, the computation of schema-based index (SchemEX),
                          an information theoretic analysis of the data and the construction of a
                          formal concept lattice. This demo prototype of LinDA allows users to
                          interact with the system, access the results of previously analysed data
                          sets or to upload new data sets for the analysis tools to operate on." />
            </b>
        </p:panel>
        <p:tabView effect="fade" effectDuration="fast" style="width: 450px;float: left;margin-left: 10px;" >
            <p:tab title="SchemEX" >
                The definition and construction of a schema based index for LOD is de-
                scribed <h:outputLink value="http://challenge.semanticweb.org/submissions2011/swc2011_submission_5.pdf">here</h:outputLink>. The index uses equivalence classes over schema-oriented informa-
                tion to segment the analysed data in distinct groups. The groups form an index
                which allows for the lookup of meta data about the resources being in the group,
                e.g. number or resources, relevant data sources on the LOD cloud or examples re-
                sources. We allow for the computation of such an index using the scalable stream
                based approach. The index itself is encoded in RDF as well.

            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="Mutual Information">
                Using a SchemEX index as computed in the previous
                service allows for an information theoretic analysis of the data. In this way
                it is possible to judge the homogeneity or diversity of the explicit and implicit
                schema information extracted from the data. The results come in the form of a few
                aggregated metrics, such as Conditional Entropy or Mutual Information.
            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="voiD">
                We compute a VoID description for a given RDF data set. To this end we incorporate a Shell script. The script operates on RDF
                data sets and generates a VoID description in Turtle notation.
            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="FCA">
                We have developed a novel analysis service employing
                a formal concept analysis to extract a concept lattice from a given data set of
                RDF. The resulting lattice is encoded in RDF and describes the type and property
                composition of the analysed LOD resources. Additionally to providing the com-
                puted concept lattice as bulk download, the service also allows for browsing the
                descriptions and publishes them as LOD themselves. To this end we implemented
                a REST API to dereference the URIs of concepts.
            </p:tab>
        </p:tabView>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>